README.md, before:

# Shading Language Template Library (SLTL)

SLTL is an embedded domain specific language (eDSL) for writing shaders with C++14

## About

SLTL is a C++ library that is used to write meta-shaders. Invoking a SLTL meta-shader creates a data structure similar to an abstract syntax tree (AST). This AST can then be traversed to generate shader source code in a specified shader language (although only GLSL output is currently supported).

__Advantages:__

* Leverage the C++ type system to discover shader errors and incompatibilities at compile time.
* Write generic shader code and maximise code reuse without resorting to preprocessor macros.
* Avoid learning multiple shader languages for cross-platform development. 
* Run time generation of optimised shader source code.

## Getting Started

To build SLTL open the Visual Studio solution file located at the root of the repository. Visual Studio 2015 is currently the only supported development environment.

### Prerequisites

There are no external dependencies and therefore no prerequisites.

### Documentation

The [Tutorial](https://github.com/cheneryc/sltl/wiki/Tutorial) wiki is currently the only documentation available.

## Versioning

The library is currently at a proof of concept stage. Once it is possible to write a minimally useful vertex and fragment shader an initial version number will be assigned.

## Contributing

This project is primarily a demonstration of the author's coding abilities. There is currently no intention to accept code contributions from other developers although feedback, suggestions for improvements and bug reports are all welcome.

## Licence

SLTL is licensed under the MIT License.

## Copyright

Copyright 2014 - 2018, Christopher Chenery

Commit message:

Fix call_fn_multiple_lambda unit test
The call_fn_multiple_lambda unit test was failing when compiled with GCC as the lambda was being converted to a function pointer. Adding an unused lambda capture disables the conversion and resolved the issue.

README.md, after:

# Shading Language Template Library (SLTL)

SLTL is an embedded domain specific language (eDSL) for writing shaders with C++14

## About

SLTL is a C++ library that is used to write meta-shaders. Invoking a SLTL meta-shader creates a data structure similar to an abstract syntax tree (AST). This AST can then be traversed to generate shader source code in a specified shader language (although only GLSL output is currently supported).

__Advantages:__

* Leverage the C++ type system to discover shader errors and incompatibilities at compile time.
* Write generic shader code and maximise code reuse without resorting to preprocessor macros.
* Avoid learning multiple shader languages for cross-platform development. 
* Run time generation of optimised shader source code.

## Getting Started

To build SLTL either open the Visual Studio solution file located at the root of the repository or use CMake. SLTL has been successfully built, with all unit tests passing, using Visual Studio 2015 and GCC (tested with version 7.3.0) compilers. Visual Studio 2017 is not supported due to a compiler bug (overloading function templates with various enumeration types).

### Prerequisites

There are no external dependencies and therefore no prerequisites.

### Documentation

The [Tutorial](https://github.com/cheneryc/sltl/wiki/Tutorial) wiki is currently the only documentation available.

## Versioning

The library is currently at a proof of concept stage. Once it is possible to write a minimally useful vertex and fragment shader an initial version number will be assigned.

## Contributing

This project is primarily a demonstration of the author's coding abilities. There is currently no intention to accept code contributions from other developers although feedback, suggestions for improvements and bug reports are all welcome.

## Licence

SLTL is licensed under the MIT License.

## Copyright

Copyright 2014 - 2018, Christopher Chenery
